

Day 2 - Assignment
------------------------------------------------------
1.  Generate Multiplication Table using for loop
2.  Display Fibonacci Series Using for Loop
3. Display lowercase alphabet using for loop HINT -  for(c = 'a'; c <= 'z'; ++c)
4. Reverse a Number using a while loop in Java HINT - Find the reminser of no by dividing 10  using % operator.
5. Calculate the power of a number using a for loop.
6. Program to Calculate Average Using Arrays
7. Add Two Matrix Using Multi-dimensional Arrays
8. Program to count vowels, consonants, digits, and spaces
9.  Program to print half pyramid using *
10. Count number of words
11. Find the occurance of a specific character in sentence
12. Remove all the space from string 
13.Use the interface as a parameter and write a calculator to complete addition, subtraction, multiplication and division operations. 
 (1) Define an interface Compute with a method int computer(int n, int m). 
 (2) Design four classes to implement this interface respectively to complete addition, subtraction, multiplication and division operations. 
 (3) Design a class UseCompute, which contains methods: public void useCom(Compute com, int one, int two),
	 This method can use the passed object to call the computer method to complete the operation and output the result of the operation. 
 (4) Design a main class Test, call the method useCom in UseCompute to complete addition, subtraction, multiplication and division operations. 
14. Write Java programs as follows: 
 (1) Define interface A, which contains the constant PI with a value of 3.14 and the abstract method double area(). 
 (2) Define interface B, which contains the abstract method void setColor(String c). 
 (3) Define interface C, which inherits interfaces A and B, and contains the abstract method void volume(). 
 (4) Define the cylinder class Cylinder to implement interface C. This class contains three member variables: radius, radius, 
 The height and color of the cylinder. 
15. Write a program to find the first and the last occurence of the letter 'o' and character ',' in "Hello, World".
16.Input a string of alphabets. Find out the number of occurrence of all alphabets in that string. Find out the alphabet with maximum occurrence.
17. Write a program to check if a given string is a Palindrome.
A palindrome reads same from front and back e.g.- aba, ccaacc, mom, etc.
18. Write a program to find out the largest and smallest word in the string "This is an umbrella".
19. Write down the names of 10 of your friends in an array and then sort those in alphabetically ascending order.
20. 
